Musk says he'll fix South Australia's energy crisis in 100 days -- or it's free - Mar. 10, 2017 
business
culture
gadgets
future
startups
Powering Your World
Musk offers to fix Australia's energy crisis in 100 days 
by Ivana Kottasova 
@ivanakottasova
 March 10, 2017: 9:18 AM ET 
Inside Tesla's enormous battery factory
Elon Musk has promised to solve an energy crisis in Australia within 100 days, or provide the technology for free.
 The 
Tesla
(
TSLA
)
 founder was responding to a challenge from billionaire entrepreneur Mike Cannon-Brookes, who wanted to know whether the company was serious in claiming that it could end blackouts in South Australia quickly. 
 "Tesla will get the system installed and working 100 days from contract signature or it is free. That serious enough for you?," Musk wrote on Twitter. 
 South Australia's population of 1.7 million people suffer regular power cuts and energy shortages. In September, much of the state was left 
without power after a storm 
damaged crucial transmission lines. Another major blackout happened last month, after an unexpected spike in demand due to a heat wave. 
Related: Elon Musk's plan for humanity
 The Australian government has made solving the problem a priority, and increasing grid storage could help. 
 That's where Tesla comes in. The electric car and battery maker has offered to provide
100 megawatt hours of battery storage at a total cost of $25 million. 
 Lyndon Rive, who heads Tesla's battery division, said in an interview with Australia's 
AFR
 that the company was capable of delivering the battery packs thanks to increased production at its gigafactory in Nevada. 
@mcannonbrookes
 Tesla will get the system installed and working 100 days from contract signature or it is free. That serious enough for you?
— Elon Musk (@elonmusk) 
March 10, 2017
Related: Tesla may open 3 more Gigafactory locations
 Cannon-Brookes has offered to help provide funding and lobby for political support for the project. 
 Sarah Hanson-Young, senator for South Australia, said on Twitter on Friday
she wanted to talk to Musk about the offer. The state's energy ministry was not immediately available to comment. 
 CNNMoney (London) 
First published March 10, 2017: 6:00 AM ET
Social Surge - What's Trending

                  How did this happen? 3 questions for Twitter after it deleted Trump's account
                

                  Twitter: Employee briefly shut down Trump's account on last day of work
                

                  BMW recalling 1.4 million vehicles for risk of fires
                
Mortgage & Savings
Terms & Conditions apply
NMLS #1136
CNNMoney Sponsors
SmartAsset
Paid Partner
Top bank announces 1.30% savings account, no fees
Thinking about retiring? Here's where you can get personalized financial advice
Big banks don't want you to know about these high-APY accounts...
November 2017: Earn 5x more interest than your bank pays you
NextAdvisor 
Paid Partner
Pay no interest until 2019 with this card
The highest paying cash back card has arrived
Spend $1000 using this card and get a $200 intro bonus
7 mind-blowing credit cards for those with excellent credit
3 cards charging 0% interest until 2019
follow us!

		Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. 
Disclaimer
. Morningstar: © 
 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 
. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor's Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 
 and/or its affiliates.
		 

		© 
 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. 
Terms
 under which this service is provided to you.
		 
 Privacy Policy
AdChoices
